Document how to run tests in the development setup (#3749)
pulp/pulp: docs/contributing/dev-setup/runtests.rst

.. _runtests:

Run the Tests
=============

> To run the tests provided by a specific plugin, start the django development server in the development vm with `pulp-manager runserver`.

Reviewer: What about we make clear distinction about unittest and functional tests?

> You need to create a *pulp-smash* config file with `pulp-smash config create` (this is ony needed once).

Reviewer: Pulp-Smash is used to write functional tests. Perhaps, adding a link to the documentation. [Config](https://pulp-smash.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration.html#)

Besides the user can choose different test runners in order to run functional tests, for instance.
```bash
py.test pulpcore/tests/functional/
```

or 

```bash
python -m unittest pulpcore/tests/functional/
```

> You need to create a *pulp-smash* config file with `pulp-smash config create` (this is ony needed once).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to create a *pulp-smash* config file with `pulp-smash settings create` (this is only needed once).
```

> Then on a second shell, you can perform the tests via `pulp-manager test <plugin_name>`.

Reviewer: Pulp-smash is used to write functional tests. Perhaps add a link to the documentation itself.

.. note::

>     Make sure, the tasks runner are actually running. In doubt, run `prestart`.

Author: I was referring explicitely to the vagrant development box here. It might be different with pulplift though. I can put `systemctl restart <...>` there if you like.
